Documentation for AIA (#26940)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/securing_apps/topics/oidc/javascript-adapter.adoc

is for step-up authentication. Example of use `{ values: ["silver", "gold"], essential: true }`. See OpenID Connect specification
and link:{adminguide_link}#_step-up-flow[Step-up authentication documentation] for more details.
* acrValues - Generates the `acr_values` parameter which refers to authentication context class reference and allows clients to declare the required assurance level requirements, e.g. authentication mechanisms. See https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-modrna-authentication-1_0.html#acr_values[Section 4. acr_values request values and level of assurance in OpenID Connect MODRNA Authentication Profile 1.0].

> * action - If value is `register` then user is redirected to registration page. See link:{adminguide_link}#_registration-rc-client-flows[Registration requested by client section] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* action - If the value is `register` then the user is redirected to the registration page. See link:{adminguide_link}#_registration-rc-client-flows[Registration requested by client section] for more details.
```

> If the value is `UPDATE_PASSWORD` or other supported required action then the user will be redirected to the reset password page or other action page (if not authenticated will send user to login page first and redirect after authenticated), otherwise to login page.
> See link:{adminguide_link}#con-aia_server_administration_guide[Application Initiated Action section] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the value is `UPDATE_PASSWORD` or another supported required action, the user will be redirected to the reset password page or the other required action page. However, if the user is not authenticated, the user will be sent to login page and redirected after authentication.
See link:{adminguide_link}#con-aia_server_administration_guide[Application Initiated Action section] for more details.
```
